.TH lxqt-policykit-agent "1" "September 2012" "LXQt\ 0.5.0" "LXQt\ Module"
.SH NAME
lxqt-policykit-agent \- Polkit agent for \fBLXQt\fR: the faster and lighter QT Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lxqt-policykit-agent
[\fICurrently No command line arguments\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This module handles policykit for \fBLXQt\fR. The authentication agent is used to make the user of
a session prove that the user of the session really is the user (by authenticating as the user) or
an administrative user (by authenticating as a administrator).
.P
The \fBLXQt modules\fR are desktop independent tools and operate as daemons
for the local user for desktop specific operations.
.P
\fBLXQt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies, ships several core desktop components, all of which are optional:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler \fI(this)\fR
 * Display manager handler
.P
These components perform similar actions to those available in other desktop
environments and their name is self-descriptive. They are usually not launched
by hand but automatically, when choosing a LXQt session in the Display
Manager.
.SH BEHAVIOR
The module detected on shares privilege escalation and maintain a security dialog
that ask for the user's key need for action.
.SH AUTOSTART
The module is only shown in \fBLXQt\fR desktop, but one can create an autostart action
for other desktop environments.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/lxqt/lxqt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBLXQt\fR has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed and
an intuitive interface, it's also intended for less powerful machines. See:

.\" any module must refers to session app, for more info on start it
.P
\fBlxqt-session.1\fR  LXQt for manage LXQt complete environment
.P
\fBstart-lxqt.1\fR  LXQt display management independent startup.
.P
\fBlxqt-config-session.1\fR  LXQt application for performing session autostart applications
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for \fBLXQt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux.
