.TH lxqt-config-appearance "1" "September 2012" "LXQt\ 0.7.0" "LXQt\ GUI
settings"
.SH NAME
lxqt-config-appearance \- GUI appearance application of \fBLXQt\fR: the fast
and lightweight Qt Desktop Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lxqt-config-appearance
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
With this application you can set and configure the Qt/LXQt GUI appearance of
programs.
.P
In Linux, the look of a GUI application depends on the toolkit it is based on.
in LXQt, the overall look of many apps relies on the Qt framework GUI. The
\fBlxqt-config-appearance\fR application provides all aspects of configuring the
appearance of the \fBLXQt\fR desktop.
.P
All the remaining major aspects of LXQt appearance rely on the active Qt widget
style because the \fBLXQt\fR DE is based on the Qt framework.
.P
\fBLXQt\fR is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt
technologies and ships several core desktop components, all of which are
optional:
.P
 * Panel
 * Desktop
 * Application launcher
 * Settings center \fI(related to this)\fR
 * Session handler
 * Polkit handler
 * SSH password manager
 * Display manager handler
 * Power manager
.P
These components perform actions like their counterparts in other desktop
environments and their names are self-descriptive. They are usually not
launched manually but automatically, when an \fBLXQt\fR session is chosen in the
Display Manager.
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/lxqt/lxqt/issues
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBLXQt\fR it has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and
an intuitive interface. LXQt is also intended for less powerful machines. Also,
See:
.\" any module must refer to session app, for more info on starting it
.P
\fBlxqt-session.1\fR  LXQt module for managing the LXQt environment.
.P
\fBlxqt-config.1\fR  LXQt application for general config and settings.
.P
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was created by \fBPICCORO Lenz McKAY\fR \fI<mckaygerhard@gmail.com>\fR
for \fBLXQt\fR project and VENENUX GNU/Linux but can be used by others.
